README.md, before:

# Riffusion App

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

Prerequisites:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Environment variables for model inference and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Riffusion App

Riffusion generates audio using stable diffusion. See https://www.riffusion.com/about for details.

* Web app: https://github.com/hmartiro/riffusion-app
* Inference backend: https://github.com/hmartiro/riffusion-inference
* Model checkpoint: TODO

## Run

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

Install:

```bash
npm install
```

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the app.

The app home is at `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file. The about page is at `pages/about.tsx`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Inference Server

To actually generate model outputs, we need a model backend that responds to inference requests via API. If you have a large GPU that can run stable diffusion in under five seconds, clone and run the instructions in the [inference server](https://github.com/hmartiro/riffusion-inference) to run the Flask app.

This app also has a configuration to run with [BaseTen](https://www.baseten.co/) for auto-scaling and load balancing. To use BaseTen, you need an API key.

To configure these backends, add a `.env.local` file:

```
# URL to your flask instance
RIFFUSION_FLASK_URL=http://localhost:3013/run_inference/

# Whether to use baseten as the model backend
NEXT_PUBLIC_RIFFUSION_USE_BASETEN=false

# If using BaseTen, the URL and API key
RIFFUSION_BASETEN_URL=https://app.baseten.co/applications/XXX
RIFFUSION_BASETEN_API_KEY=XXX
```
